Araceli Miranda
CIS263 Java Programming II
May 2, 2024

   A GitHub portfolio allows developers to showcase their skills, previous
experience, projects, and achievements. A portfolio's purpose is to advertise
yourself to potential clients or employers. I plan to use GitHub and GitHub pages
to create my portfolio. GitHub Pages is an addition to GitHub that allows
developers to design websites. Using the pages feature will allow me to produce a
well-curated compilation of all the information I believe will be necessary for
future employers. 

   Several important design components combine to make an excellent portfolio.
Most importantly, having your user interface well-organized, simplistic, and 
user-friendly will allow your portfolio to stand out. The data you emphasize on
your page is crucial for crafting an exceptional portfolio. Personally, I have
decided to include an about me section, contact details, skills, projects, and
achievements. Using GitHub pages, I plan to create a website portfolio that will
assist in future job searches. GitHub pages will allow me to design and organize a
user interface that showcases my skills and achievements.

   By using different features of GitHub Pages, I can design a homepage that
includes an ‘about me’ section. My home page could also contain a menu listing and
links to the various other features of my portfolio. Menu items could include
Skills and Achievements, Projects, and Testimonials. On the Skills and
Achievements page, I can include a graphical item list displaying my list of
skills. I could also do a creative icon display featuring my achievements. For the
Projects page, I could include snapshots of example code, interfaces I’ve
designed, and projects curated for specific employers. The Projects page is to be
updated and curated based on project design, implementation, and the intended
audience. Finally,  the testimonials could include references and client views
displayed in a well-organized manner. In conclusion,  I plan to use GitHub and
GitHub Pages to design and implement a well-made, creative portfolio. 
